Team Fishydino. CONTRIBUTOR LICENSE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT"), v1.0

We intend to clarify the conditions under which you may contribute "Contributions" (software, bug fixes, configuration changes, documentation, or any other materials) to "The Work" (woojinc) through this document. This license safeguards your rights, "Team" (Team Fishydino), and licensees, without altering your rights to use your contributions for other purposes.

1. DEFINITIONS: "Contributions" refer to any original work of authorship, including modifications or additions to an existing work, intentionally submitted by you to Team Fishydino for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products or projects owned or managed by Team Fishydino (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to Team Fishydino or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems managed by or on behalf of Team Fishydino for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, excluding communication conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by you as "Not a Contribution."
2. You grant to "Team" (Team Fishydino) a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicenseable, relicenseable, transferable license under all of your relevant intellectual property rights to use, copy, prepare derivative works of, distribute, and publicly display and perform your "Contributions" on any licensing terms, including but not limited to: (a) open-source licenses like the GNU Affero General Public License (v3.0), and (b) binary, proprietary, or commercial licenses. Except for the licenses granted herein, you reserve all rights, title, and interest in and to your "Contributions."
3. You grant to "Team" (Team Fishydino) a non-exclusive, irrevocable (except as stated in this section), worldwide, royalty-free, sublicenseable, transferable patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer "The Work" (woojinc), where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by you that are necessarily infringed by your "Contributions" alone or by the combination of your "Contributions" with "The Work" (woojinc) to which such "Contributions" were submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against you or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your "Contributions" or "The Work" (woojinc) to which you have contributed constitute direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that "Contributions" or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.
5. You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license(s). If your employer(s) have rights to intellectual property that you create that includes your "Contributions," you represent that you have received permission to make "Contributions" on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for your "Contributions" to Team Fishydino, or that your employer has executed a separate Corporate CLA with Team Fishydino.
6. You represent that each of your "Contributions" is your original creation. You represent that your "Contribution" submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction, including but not limited to related patents and trademarks, of which you are personally aware and which are associated with any part of your "Contributions."
7. You are not expected to provide support for your "Contributions," except to the extent you desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, you provide your "Contributions" on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
8. Should you wish to submit work that is not your original creation, you may submit it to Team Fishydino separately from any "Contribution," identifying the complete details of its source and any license or other restriction, including but not limited to related patents, trademarks, and license agreements, of which you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]."
9. As the authorized representative of "Team" (Team Fishydino), we ensure that the "Project" remains freely accessible under these conditions at all times. As long as the "Project" continues to be under the control of the co-founders, Kim Minjae, Kim Hyunseo, and Shin Woojin, it will always and forever be made available to the public under the same terms as described in the GNU Affero General Public License (v3.0). In the event that Kim Minjae, Kim Hyunseo, and Shin Woojin no longer maintain control as co-founders of "Team" (Team Fishydino), and the licensing model for the "Project" (woojinc) changes to a scheme other than the GNU Affero General Public License (v3.0), efforts will be made, if feasible, to transfer the "Project" to a third party under the guidance of the Free Software Foundation.
10. As authoritative representatives of "Team" (Team Fishydino), we determine the code that is in "The Work" (woojinc). You understand that the decision to include your "Contributions" in any project or source repository is entirely at the discretion of "Team" (Team Fishydino), and this agreement does not guarantee that your "Contributions" will be included in any product.